Adds section to describe intended usage of `pipeline.buffer.type` (#16083)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/settings-file.asciidoc

| `pipeline.buffer.type`
| Determine where to allocate memory buffers, for plugins that leverage them.

> Default to `direct`, optionally can be switched to `heap` to select Java heap space.

Author: ```suggestion
Currently defaults to direct but can be switched to heap to select Java heap space, which will become the default in the future.
```

> | `direct` Check out <<reducing-off-heap-usage>> for more info.

Reviewer: both sentences seem relevant, we could collapse to just one:

> Currently defaults to `direct` but can be switched to `heap` to select Java heap space, which will become the default in the future.

> | `direct` Check out <<reducing-off-heap-usage>> for more info.

Author: Integrated
